c:\users\alwyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordAuth\DiscordAuth\bin\Debug\DiscordAuth.exe.config
c:\users\alwyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordAuth\DiscordAuth\bin\Debug\DiscordAuth.exe
c:\users\alwyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordAuth\DiscordAuth\bin\Debug\DiscordAuth.pdb
c:\users\alwyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordAuth\DiscordAuth\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.dll
c:\users\alwyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordAuth\DiscordAuth\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\alwyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordAuth\DiscordAuth\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.dll
c:\users\alwyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordAuth\DiscordAuth\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.dll
c:\users\alwyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordAuth\DiscordAuth\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.dll
c:\users\alwyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordAuth\DiscordAuth\bin\Debug\RestSharp.dll
c:\users\alwyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordAuth\DiscordAuth\bin\Debug\WebSocket4Net.dll
c:\users\alwyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordAuth\DiscordAuth\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\alwyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordAuth\DiscordAuth\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.xml
c:\users\alwyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordAuth\DiscordAuth\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.xml
c:\users\alwyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordAuth\DiscordAuth\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.xml
c:\users\alwyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordAuth\DiscordAuth\bin\Debug\RestSharp.xml
c:\users\alwyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordAuth\DiscordAuth\obj\Debug\DiscordAuth.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\alwyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordAuth\DiscordAuth\obj\Debug\DiscordAuth.Form1.resources
c:\users\alwyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordAuth\DiscordAuth\obj\Debug\DiscordAuth.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\alwyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordAuth\DiscordAuth\obj\Debug\DiscordAuth.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\alwyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordAuth\DiscordAuth\obj\Debug\DiscordAuth.exe
c:\users\alwyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordAuth\DiscordAuth\obj\Debug\DiscordAuth.pdb
